what's up YouTube video 3 update on my
Corolla see I'm a big transformer
understand so car till I grew up with
transformer sticker add that also on the
Mustang here's a little update change
the spark plugs the cable new
distributor just painted this red
16-valve EFI four five six
might do a Transformers emblem ended up
put up put it here somewhere my
customized is take out put some fog
lights here falls right there the middle
sure so this one's so smaller though I'm
saying let's turn on the engine
hopefully it works
I change the back this interior right
here is all new
the other one was fading out and then I
also change the roof brand new roof
headliner a new light just didn't work
still stock inside
original radio tape player today my door
handle broke on the driver's side
this is broke as you can see after I
shoot this video I'm gonna go ahead to
Toyota and order a new one I don't feel
like going to the junkyard but yeah also
be posting pictures up so stock all
original everything works smoothly ttle
commuter car 1.6 engine flavor can't go
wrong with that
keep posted and then with the
transformer sticker